Update Quality Level 1 (#62)
eProsima/Micro-CDR: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution Guidelines

> The following documents constitutes a set of guidelines to which contributors must adhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The present document provides a set of guidelines to which contributors must adhere.
```

   any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
   by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
   this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
   Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
   the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
   with Licensor regarding such Contributions.
~~~

## Developer Certificate of Origin

Contributors must sign-off each commit by adding a `Signed-off-by: ...` line to commit messages to certify that they have the right to submit the code they are contributing to the project according to the [Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)](https://developercertificate.org/).

## Code Coverage

As stated in [QUALITY.md](QUALITY.md), all contributions to the project must increase line code coverage.
Because of this, contributors are asked to locally run a coverage assessment that ensures that code coverage has increased when compared to the latest execution of the [nightly coverage CI job](http://jenkins.eprosima.com:8080/view/Micro%20XRCE/job/Micro-CDR%20Nightly%20Master%20Linux/511/coverage/).

## General considerations

> Any other contributing policie can be found in [eProsima general guidelines](https://github.com/eProsima/policies/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any other contributing policy can be found in [eProsima general guidelines](https://github.com/eProsima/policies/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
